# Manage and control all company-related information with the new Data Warehouse module
In today’s information-dominated business landscape, making use and making sense of accumulated data is becoming core to gaining knowledge and making informed decisions that carry your business forward. Organizations are collecting and amassing so much data that storing and processing it becomes a significant challenge within the ERP system they are working with. Even nowadays it is still a common practice for companies to create numerous Excel tables to handle these vast amounts of data. While Excel tables are great for organizing and sorting data sets and applying basic calculations and formulas, when it comes to storing, controling, and analyzing data from different sources to support business intelligence, mere tables will not make it. Even a simple everyday example, such as having multiple versions of the same file, each with different values, or accidentally deleting crucial file information can help highlight the need for a more sophisticated method of handling and utilizing company data.

Enter the new Data Warehouse module. This is the place where all company historic data from all sources lives and thrives. For example, you can enter sales records from a specific time period even if this data was accrued before you implemented the ERP system, or commonplace information, such as visits of sales associates with prospects. All audit records and version history are stored within the module and access is restricted only to users with the proper rights granted. As with the rest of the ERP.net system, you can easily customize predefined data fieldsand or add new ones, based on your specific needs or scenario.

[!Data fields](https://github.com/ErpNetDocs/info/blob/main/features/applications/screenshot%201.png)
 
Information input need not be a nuisance – with the Data Warehouse module you can simply copy and paste data in the Navigator – in the same field sequence as in your Excel table. You can then grant different levels of access rights to stakeholders, edit or update field data, and define which fields need to keep their historical versions.

[Data input](https://github.com/ErpNetDocs/info/blob/main/features/applications/screenshot%202.png)

What’s more – your team will appreciate the chat functionality that helps colleagues be in sync and discuss real-time what information needs an update, debate over field values, or analyze sales data on the go. Apart from being a collaboration tool, you can also use the chat as a simple project management tool to assign tasks to team members, send notifications, and track task execution.

Summing it up – in addition to being *the* data powerhouse of your business, the Data Warehouse helps teams conduct complex data operations in a simple, yet effective manner. Managers can make data-driven decisions based on financial and operating reporting grounded on data from different sources and systems that is stored and analyzed within the ERP.net platform and its native BI functionality. You can also integrate and utilize external applications for analysis and reporting, such as Power BI.
Contact our team CTA
